## 07-Dec-2020

Updates job-submission scripts to include NERSC modules for
running latest ACE3P builds.


## 23-Nov-2020

Adds NERSC file browser dock widget, and revises login logic to be
consistent with jobs panel dock widget.


## 08-Nov-2020

Adds Omega3P EigenSolver option "CORK".

Updates internal library with sundry bug fixes.


## 21-Jul-2020

Fixes directory browser issues when creating new project.


## 28-Jun-2020

Changes new-project interaction to 2 steps, so that the user first
selects the project folder and modelbuilder verifies that it is empty
or asks user permission to delete current contents.


## 27-Jun-2020

Fixes numerous bugs in TEM3P and Track3P based on additional testing.

Reorganizes Track3P emitters to be explicitly associated with model faces,
instead of being attached to material attributes. This will make it easier
to assign multiple emitters to the same surface.

Replaces many export exceptions with warning messages.


## 20-Jun-2020

Fixes bugs in Track3P export logic.


## 17-Jun-2020

Fixes bug that caused job-submission logic to use wrong binary name
and input filename (uppercase letters).

Changes Track3P Minimum Enhancement Counter range to any positive
floating point number.

Replaces obsolete logic used in T3P and Track3P boundary sides sets.

Other bug fixes and end-to-end testing.



## 03-Jun-2020

Moves Track3P subtype field from Materials to Analysis tab.

Centralizes "NERSC Directory" fields to a single "Input Data" field
on the Analysis View.

Includes numerous updates and fixes to TEM3P and Track3P templates
and writers.

Known issues:

* All ACDTool features are temporarily unavailable and will be added
  back in a future release.

* The TEM3P "Elastic Eigenmode" module still is implemented with the tab
  labeled "TEM3P Elastic". This will be addressed in a future release.

* Methods for coupling simulations still require finding the source
  directory on Cori. This will be addressed in a future release.



## 11-May-2020

Revised templates to replace Category View with Analysis View,
and reorganized the internal logic to better support all of the
TEM3P options.

Fixed known errors in ACE3P files generated by modelbuilder, mainly
in TEM3P.
